Welcome to Moviecaps.
Today I will show you a Drama,
Mystery, Thriller film from
2018, titled Searching.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
David Kim creates a new user account for his
daughter Margot and takes a picture with her
and his wife, Pam. As Margot is growing up,
photos and videos perpetuating the family’s
happy memories are being uploaded on youtube
or different files. Eventually Margot starts
taking piano lessons and David later buys her a
piano so she can practice with her mom every day.
One day, Pam finds out that she has lymphoma.
The family does their best to fight it,
but it doesn't work out and she ends up in the
hospital. Margot creates an event on her calendar
and names it “Mom comes home”. At the hospital
Margot is playing a sad melody on a toy piano,
while her pale mom barely manages a faint smile.
And so Pam passed away leaving her daughter and
husband to take a picture by themselves
on Margot’s first day of high school.
Windows XP is updated to macOS and
David is messaging his daughter.
A not-so-happy father requests a FaceTime and
reprimands his daughter for forgetting the trash.
He also asks about her whereabouts and plans.
Margot says that she’s gonna be running late at
her bio study group and hangs up before David
could ask about her final. He still proceeds
through messages and she admits not having done
so well but would still pass. David expresses how
proud he is of his daughter and he types that her
mom would be proud too, but deletes the last part.
David is browsing the news while listening
to some relaxing music, when he gets a video
call from his brother, Peter. David joins the
call and he’s welcomed with a cooking pot POV.
His brother is trying to make a recipe
that was Pam’s specialty “Kimchi Gumbo”.
David says that he will look for the recipe
but he was sure that there was no “pot” in it,
referring to his stash that he has left
on the counter near the other ingredients.
Peter puts the jar of “oregano” away
and when David inquires about his use,
he quickly changes the subject. While David is
browsing Pam’s files looking for the recipe,
Peter asks him about Margot and how their
father-daughter relationship is going.
Just as the pot master was about to
dig up further personal questions,
his doorbell rang and so he had to remind David
of sending the recipe asap before ending the call.
While looking for the recipe, Peter comes across
a video of Pam making kimchi gumbo with young
Margot. Resurfacing feelings of grief and sadness
make David hide the video from his search results.
While sleeping, David misses 3 calls from Margot.
When he wakes up the next day he tries to reach
his daughter via facetime, phone calls, and
texts but to no avail. By 3 pm there is still no
response from Margot and after his work meeting,
David is about to text her when he notices that
Margot has left her laptop at home which is very
unlike her. He leaves her another voicemail during
which he realizes that it's Friday and she
is usually at her piano lesson at this time.
He calls her piano instructor asking to
speak to his daughter but she is confused,
since Margot had stopped attending
6 months ago. Taken aback by this,
he scrolls through his conversations with
Margot in which there are pictures of David
leaving her the money for piano lessons and
Margot saying the sessions were going great.
The worried father calls her school who informs
him that Margot hasn’t shown up to class that day.
Anxious, he texts his brother who suggests that
she might've ditched school to go on a trip
with her friends and that David should ask them
about his daughter’s whereabouts. Not knowing
any of her friends, David searches for Margot’s
social media accounts but they are all private.
David logs into the family’s old computer through
Pam’s session. She has been keeping the contacts
of Margot’s middle school friends in an address
book. David dials the number of Isaac’s home and
the mother picks up instantly recognizing Mr.
Kim. Isaac’s mom tells him that it might be a
reception problem since her son and friends went
camping and that Margot was definitely invited,
and that they’d come back the next morning. The
angry father throws a tantrum through a long
text but ends up deleting it and simply requesting
Margot to call him as soon as she gets reception.
The next morning Isaac calls David and says
that Margot never showed up to the trip,
and didn’t respond when he tried to
reach her before taking off. And that
was the last red flag David needed to file a
report for his missing daughter. Soon after,
detective Rosemary Vick gets in touch with David,
saying she was assigned to his daughter’s case.
She sympathizes with him, being a parent herself
and asks him to give her a better insight into
how the events unfolded. While the detective is
doing a recap of Margot’s disappearance timeline,
David is googling detective Rosemary Vick
and he opens 3 different links: one video
where she’s given an award, her Facebook page
that shows she has a son, and an article about
her building a recovery clinic with ex-convicts.
David opens Margot’s laptop and tries to log in
to her facebook, but her password isn't saved so
he clicks on “forgot account”. A code is sent to
her email which he can't get into either, so
he sends another code to her recovery email,
which he created so he manages to get in.
He then looks at her facebook friends list
and calls one of them. David asks him questions
like when he last saw Margot and where he was the
night she disappeared and notes it down into
a spreadsheet. He shows it to the detective,
who asks David to update her if he learns anything
and also to share the spreadsheet with her.
So David starts calling Margot's 289 Facebook
friends one by one, asking them the same
questions. After several calls with Margot’s
recent chats and acquaintances, he realizes
that his daughter didn’t have any real friends and
that she was isolating herself most of the time.
After going through two thirds of her friends list
without learning anything useful, David voices his
frustrations to Peter, who suggests taking a
look at her offline friends and activities.
David looks through her school files and contacts
Abigail, the girl who hosted the study group at
her house that night. She says that it ended
by 9 pm and Margot had left by that time.
She also enforces the fact that Margot
was a loner and used Tumblr a lot.
Just as he is checking it, he receives an
email from the detective who shares traffic
footage of Margot filling up her gas and exiting
town. He notes down the place on Google maps.
David checks Margot’s bank account and he
notices that she has been depositing the
piano lesson money there. Six days prior she
made 2500$ payment to a deleted user via Venmo.
He checks her Instagram account
and notices a user called Derek
Ellis constantly posting inappropriate
comments on his daughter’s pictures.
He looks up his number and asks him about his
whereabouts the night Margot went missing.
He tries to dodge the question, but when
David threatens to get the police involved,
he admits that he was at a Bieber concert.
Detective Vick sends David an email containing a
fake ID, saying that Margot met up with a forger
around the same time she withdrew the money.
The detective spoke to security
at Venmo and apparently she sent
the $2500 to herself so it can't be traced,
and suggests that Margot probably ran away.
David refuses to accept that possibility
and continues his own investigation.
He goes through Margot’s most visited websites
and finds a streaming website called “YouCast”.
Not knowing how the site exactly works, he clicks
on cast now and ends up starting a live stream.
As soon as he does, a user called fish n
chips joins the cast and leaves seconds later.
David ends the stream and starts looking
through Margot’s saved livestreams.
Margot had few watchers but her regular
was “fish n chips” who initially asked
her favorite pokemon to which she responded
with uxie, because it can wipe memories. They
talked almost every day and fish n chips once
opened up about her struggles with money to pay
her mom’s hospital bills as she has a bad tumor.
Afterward, David has a call with detective Vick
who denies any of the YouCast members having
a connection with Margot’s disappearance,
even fish n chips had an alibi, confirmed
by her diner manager and CCTV footage.
Just before shutting down Margot’s computer, David
notices Picture of a lake. He goes on her Tumblr
and sees another picture of the same lake. He
finds it on google maps and realizes where she was
going that night. He rushes to the lake and calls
the detective, but she's asleep because it's 4am.
A bit later she calls him back and David shows her
Margot’s Pokemon keychain he found by the lake.
The following morning Margot’s case is all over
the news. Her car was retrieved from the Lake,
but Margot wasn't in it. People are
volunteering to search for Margot in
the forest since there’s a lot of ground to
cover. The search gets halted due to heavy
rain and the internet is flooded with articles
and videos about Margot from people blaming
her father for negligence to her classmates
pretending they were best friends for clout.
Frustrated by Derek’s Facebook post, David
goes to meet him and beats him up. This causes
Vick to cut him off from the investigation.
David comes across a subreddit dedicated to
the case where a bunch of reddit detectives share
their theories. He finds pictures from the car and
he notices a Fins hockey hoodie in the front seat.
This leads David through Margot’s chats with his
brother. To his surprise, Peter and his nephew
were secretly meeting on several nights,
and he finds some highly suspicious messages.
He starts writing an email to Vick, but changes
his mind. Instead, he goes to his brother’s house
and plants cameras. He then starts asking Peter
about Margot, what kind of relationship they
had and how often they would meet. Disturbed
Peter replies that it was a normal uncle-nephew
relationship and that they didn’t meet often.
He shrugged off further questions as he went back
to finish making the tea. David doesn’t stop and
starts reading their texts out loud. Peter replies
that he can explain but David doesn’t listen and
starts beating his brother up, accusing him of
the unspeakable. He doesn’t stop until Peter
shouts that they were smoking “pot” and nothing
near the assumption his brother was making.
David ignores a call from Vick and listens to what
Peter has to say: Margot was suffering. She needed
to talk about her mother, which David never
did. And that’s why she stopped piano lessons,
because it reminded her of Pam and she still
didn’t have closure concerning her loss.
David realizes how little he knew about his
daughter and drops to the couch sighing.
He ends up picking up the detective’s
call that brings him to the ground crying.
Randy Cartoff, an ex-convict, has uploaded a
confession online of torturing and murdering
Margot, before taking his own life. And
that was enough to declare her dead.
David starts uploading pictures for a
memorial service and when he's done,
a thank you page appears with a picture of a
woman holding flowers. David realizes that it's
the same woman that appeared on Margot's
livestreams under the name fish n chips.
He searches the profile picture on google
and finds a bunch of pictures of her doing
various things. He doesn't realize that
Margot was catfished and that the woman
in the profile picture is just an actor
for stock photos kinda like ma boi Harold,
so he tracks down her number and calls her.
She seems clueless about the streaming website
and all the details that the detective
presumedly checked out. David tries to
reach Vick but she doesn't pick up. He then
reaches out to the 911 dispatcher who couldn’t
connect him to Vick directly, yet she praises
Vick’s volunteering for the case. David makes
the dispatcher repeat herself twice, as he was
sure Vick said she was assigned to the case, but
the dispatcher said that it was done voluntarily
as soon as the missing person report was filed.
David takes another look at detective Vick.
Opening the same news page he did initially,
he notices that one of the ex-convicts
next to her is Randy Cartoff,
so he asks to be connected to the Deputy Sheriff.
Next thing we see on the memorial stream is
David Staring down Vick as she gets arrested.
When being interrogated, she explains that 6
months ago her son found Margot on the streaming
website. He had liked her since grade school,
so he made up a new identity and started talking
to her. They were friends and talked a lot until
Margot found his Venmo account and sent him
$2500 for his mothers made up hospital bills.
He had to come clean, but didn't want to do it in
public so he followed her that night to the lake.
As she was getting high, he got in her car, and
she panicked, before he could explain himself. She
tried to run and he accidentally pushed her off a
cliff. Vick assumed that Margot was dead because
the cliff was narrow, jagged and at least 50 feet
to the rock bottom and she couldn't hear a sound.
So she took lead of the investigation, convinced
David that Margot ran away and told the law
enforcement team that the zone her body was
in was already cleared. She still needed a
confession so she drugged the ex-con, ordered
him to read a script and shot him afterwards.
Now knowing her location, a team has been
dispatched to retrieve Margot. Turns out she
is still alive and makes a full recovery.
Some time later, Margot is continuously
refreshing her application for the music
conservatory while texting her father.
She’s come to have closure concerning her mother’s
death and is ready to take back her piano passion.
Her father on the other hand is no longer
reluctant about bringing up Pam, and while telling
Margot that he’s proud of her he sends the text
that he deleted at the beginning of the movie,
that her mom would be proud too.
The End.
Thank you for watching! Subscribe if
you'd like to see more videos like this.